Fill in Appetizers section (#152)
JoshOrndorff/recipes: text/2-appetizers/2-storage-values.md

## Declaring Storage

A pallet's storage items are declared with the [`decl_storage!` macro](https://substrate.dev/rustdocs/master/frame_support/macro.decl_storage.html).

```rust, ignore
decl_storage! {
    trait Store for Module<T: Trait> as SingleValue {
        // --snip--
    }
}
```

The code above is boilerplate that does not change with the exception of the `SingleValue`. The macro uses this as the name for a struct that it creates. As a pallet author you don't need to worry about this value much, and it is fine to use the name of the pallet itself.

This pallet has two storage items, both of which are single storage values. Substrate's storage API also supports more complex storage types which are [covered in the entrees](../storage/README.md). The fundamentals for all types are the same.

Our first storage item is a `u32` value which is declared with this syntax
```rust, ignore
StoredValue get(fn stored_value): u32;
```

> The `StorageValue` is the name of the storage item, similar to a variable name. We wil luse this name any time we write to the storage item. The `get(fn stored_value)` is optional. It tells the `decl_storage!` macro to create a getter function for us. That means we get a function called `stored_value` which returns the value in that storage item. Finally, the `: u32` declares the type of the item.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `StorageValue` is the name of the storage item, similar to a variable name. We will use this name any time we write to the storage item. The `get(fn stored_value)` is optional. It tells the `decl_storage!` macro to create a getter function for us. That means we get a function called `stored_value` which returns the value in that storage item. Finally, the `: u32` declares the type of the item.
```
